Added Cloning context (#6783)
github/docs: content/github/getting-started-with-github/create-a-repo.md

{% if currentVersion == "free-pro-team@latest" %}

> You can store a variety of projects in {% data variables.product.product_name %} repositories, including open source projects. With [open source projects](http://opensource.org/about), you can share code to make better, more reliable software. Also, there are various types of repositories for different purposes about which you can read more on [About Repositories](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/about-repositories).

Reviewer: "Various types of repositories" and "different purposes" is a bit vague. Let's be a bit more specific (but still concise!) about the information folks will find in the link.

We should also use relative links, formatted like this.

```suggestion
You can store a variety of projects in {% data variables.product.product_name %} repositories, including open source projects. With [open source projects](http://opensource.org/about), you can share code to make better, more reliable software. You can use repositories to collaborate with others and track your work. For more information, see "[About repositories](/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/about-repositories)."
```

- "[Set up Git](/articles/set-up-git)"
- **Create a repository**

> - "[Clone a repository](https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "[Clone a repository](/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository)"
```
